sexual harassment, Um, can be common or, um, uncommon. Um, and I say that
because when we're looking for or not even looking sometimes you
you're not even aware. But you when you're paying attention of people
who have been sexually arrest some of the things that you can, uh,
see, the signs are when a sailor shuts down, um, if they're not part
of the team, if they're keeping to themselves One of the things we
remember or were trained toe know is that sexual harassment is, uh
is usually happens in a private area. Um, in a when a personal in a
personal space, Um, and those are some of the things that we look for
when a person shuts down. Um, if they're not, want to be part of
a team, Um, and things like that, Um that is that's mawr Of the most
common instances with sexual harassment